this is floor joy Mayweather senior and
I'm looking for 20 houseguests that they
could become the next world champion my
name is Sheena and I'm reppin Jersey and
I just really really really really
really really want to be in me weathers
house I mean he's looking for the next
champion boxer and that's me I'm the
next female champion boxer what's up
there's a velvet James I'm from Detroit
Michigan I'm out here in Las Vegas
training trying to be on the Mayweather
show I'm trying to be in the house I'm
trying to show and prove to the world
and the best that I'm better than them
but ever saw I mean they better get
suited and booted and ready for me and
I'm asking that you guys please give me
an opportunity to be in my weathers
house I'm sexy I'm confident and cute
but please don't get it twisted because
I will be the winner
all right Manish a man's last madam from
Detroit man you already know the word
murder capital of the world so you know
if I'm coming down I'm getting in
anywhere you know so I'm here to hustle
and get it on you know I made it crying
and stay grinding I feel like I'm number
one ain't nobody fucking with me period
so you think you're tough yeah I got a
big mouth I got the biggest mouth out
there man if you think you can set it up
then show me
don't talk that joke man show me what
you about and anybody that feels like
they want to stop this is not going to
be able to best believe once I step in
that ring you know see the best
yeah with the help with anything all
right
do it quickly
fellas yeah hey if you roll it is that
gonna come easy go my darling you want
just what the pianist shit man you've
got to run right now I'm going on it
told you how do you wanna know when you
run you'll stop running
come on go right back so you think you
have what it takes that's how you get
down I say you got bigger my bands over
almost reality shows people used to get
kicked off for failure so who the fuck
let the juice in there and there's
method in the container I'm talking
about the fuckers leaving the juice in
there with nothing in it if y'all gonna
drink the juice just go to container
with but melon live with his house we
had a lot of problems in the rain
when illusion about this is me mother's
house the hottest show coming out for
joy the champ trying to manage the King
all the newcomers try
one in one breeze contenders easy thing
you got the greatest training box in the
day you gotta go out for your pay one
champion shades whether your bride we
all feel different size we found the
collide it's broken survive this number
one prize a new contender on the prize
every gene you came across him with the
pain I sure would have changed everybody
who's gonna blow
this house this house don't blow this is
me with this house you already know come
on in the mid weather house